more about join cuz sure does she skip
because she's so strong and quick with
him out she scare you a little bit yeah
I mean you know there's always she she
always talks about shares his death
jokes that are a little too soon
and you can't help but laugh even though
because you know you're not supposed to
laugh it's just like no we can't talk
about fellow oh yeah you know it's been
like a couple months but it was like a
week later it's like Joan do you think
she's overcooked the plastic surgery a
bit I think she looks beautiful
I love Joan Rivers so you know if you
ask her she's gonna say yes yes I said
that it's she's a wonderful woman I
don't know if you've ever had the
opportunity to meet you know to meet her
but she's so sweet and kind and I know
it sounds crazy it is true she's a
lovely woman sorry who's that calling we
have the only happy and we all still
love each other and go figure that one
out is that like the group of bitchy
girls at school always stay together
girls think we're mean we're not mean we
tell the truth
Joan while we're being honest is there
anything about George that you would
change
oh no the only thing is so I think it's
very happy with me one time he told me I
should dress my age which means a body
bag